MCLOUD-6530: Fix an issue with empty error code in the StepException (#763)
magento/ece-tools: dist/error-codes.md

### General

{:.error-table}
| Error code | General step | Error description (Title) | Suggested action |
| - | - | - | - |
| 243 |  | Configuration is not defined in the `schema.yaml` file | Check that the config variable name is correct, and that it defined. |
| 244 |  | Failed to parse the `.magento.env.yaml` file | The `./.magento.env.yaml` file format is invalid. Use a YAML parser to check the syntax and fix any errors. |
| 245 |  | Unable to read the `.magento.env.yaml` file | Unable to read the `./.magento.env.yaml` file. Check file permissions. |
| 246 |  | Unable to read the `.schema.yaml` file |  |

## Warning Errors

> Warning errors indicate a problem with the Magento Commerce Cloud project configuration such as incorrect, deprecated, unsupported, or missing configuration settings for optional features that can affect site operation. Although the project is deployed, you should review warning messages and update the configuration to resolve them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning errors indicate a problem with the Magento Commerce Cloud project configuration such as incorrect, deprecated, unsupported, or missing configuration settings for optional features that can affect site operation. Although a warning does not cause deployment failure, you should review warning messages and update the configuration to resolve them.
```
